DESIGN.md, before:

# Design Notes

Here I'd like to keep a list of notes for future designs.

## Version 3, Revision 2

These will be changes to the current major version, so basically small design tweaks using the same hardware

### Screen
- [x] Show current design version on the screen
- [x] Make temperatures bigger
- [x] Perhaps make title headings smaller to allow for it

### Case
- [x] Fix the lid mount posts, make them much taller in the base and reduce the towers on the lid accordingly
- [x] Add screw relief in the lid so that the lid screws are within the plastic 
- [x] Make sure to use proper wire strippers to get a great connection in the sensor breakout board
- [x] Use the power splitter jumper cable to eliminate the junction box
- [x] Reduce the usb power hole slightly
- [x] Add about 0.25mm to each hole
- [ ] Document every screw used very carefully and decide whether we need larger holes or not
  - For sensor breakout board, I believe I currently used (2) M2.3x5
  - For Pico I believe I used (2) M2x6
  - For the lid, I believe I used (2) M2.3x8, but I am not sure

### Code
- [x] Make the sensor box inherit the TFT and sensor base classes
- [x] Try to clean it up as much as possible...simple simple

## Version 3, Revision 3

### Case
- [ ] The temperature sensor breakout board screw holes need to be very slightly adjusted.  On the "top" one, which is right near the back wall, pull that toward the center of the box just barely...maybe 0.5mm?
- [ ] Take out the "top" or "back" left Pico hole - it's covered by the temperature sensor wires
- [ ] The screen screw holes are very slightly out of alignment...the one by itself seems a little too far over "to the right"

## Version 4

These are more drastic changes that necessitate another round of iteration, or different hardware.

### General
- Add a simple LED with a small hole in the case for it as a backup communication signal - already added a prewired and preresistored LED to my amazon

### Screen
- I think start by trying a different screen, preferably one that doesn't have that drastic of a bezel exposed

### Case
- Consider using studs like a PC motherboard for the temperature sensor breakout board, and possibly the Pico
- But also on the Pico, consider just making a slot for it to slide in horizontally...it could reduce height
- Use a different connector for the sensors, perhaps a USB.  It really wouldn't be too hard to do this.  A nice USB C breakout board with a female port on the outside surface of the box (https://www.amazon.com/Female-Terminal-Adapter-Breakout-Output/dp/B0BKH21YGV/), and still use the sensor breakout board with the built-in resistor, and then just a screw terminal USB C male for the sensors to firmly screw into.

### Code
- Add unit testing
- Add script to auto clean up old results, run once a week and open a PR?

Commit message:

Update design notes for screen and wire labeling
Added additional design considerations for screen and wire labeling.

DESIGN.md, after:

# Design Notes

Here I'd like to keep a list of notes for future designs.

## Version 3, Revision 2

These will be changes to the current major version, so basically small design tweaks using the same hardware

### Screen
- [x] Show current design version on the screen
- [x] Make temperatures bigger
- [x] Perhaps make title headings smaller to allow for it

### Case
- [x] Fix the lid mount posts, make them much taller in the base and reduce the towers on the lid accordingly
- [x] Add screw relief in the lid so that the lid screws are within the plastic 
- [x] Make sure to use proper wire strippers to get a great connection in the sensor breakout board
- [x] Use the power splitter jumper cable to eliminate the junction box
- [x] Reduce the usb power hole slightly
- [x] Add about 0.25mm to each hole
- [ ] Document every screw used very carefully and decide whether we need larger holes or not
  - For sensor breakout board, I believe I currently used (2) M2.3x5
  - For Pico I believe I used (2) M2x6
  - For the lid, I believe I used (2) M2.3x8, but I am not sure

### Code
- [x] Make the sensor box inherit the TFT and sensor base classes
- [x] Try to clean it up as much as possible...simple simple

## Version 3, Revision 3

### Case
- [ ] The temperature sensor breakout board screw holes need to be very slightly adjusted.  On the "top" one, which is right near the back wall, pull that toward the center of the box just barely...maybe 0.5mm?
- [ ] Take out the "top" or "back" left Pico hole - it's covered by the temperature sensor wires
- [ ] The screen screw holes are very slightly out of alignment...the one by itself seems a little too far over "to the right"
- [ ] Use really nice wire labels :)

### Screen
- [ ] Something seems wrong with the new screens, the RGB is backwards?  Can I detect something?

## Version 4

These are more drastic changes that necessitate another round of iteration, or different hardware.

### General
- Add a simple LED with a small hole in the case for it as a backup communication signal - already added a prewired and preresistored LED to my amazon

### Screen
- I think start by trying a different screen, preferably one that doesn't have that drastic of a bezel exposed

### Case
- Consider using studs like a PC motherboard for the temperature sensor breakout board, and possibly the Pico
- But also on the Pico, consider just making a slot for it to slide in horizontally...it could reduce height
- Use a different connector for the sensors, perhaps a USB.  It really wouldn't be too hard to do this.  A nice USB C breakout board with a female port on the outside surface of the box (https://www.amazon.com/Female-Terminal-Adapter-Breakout-Output/dp/B0BKH21YGV/), and still use the sensor breakout board with the built-in resistor, and then just a screw terminal USB C male for the sensors to firmly screw into.

### Code
- Add unit testing
- Add script to auto clean up old results, run once a week and open a PR?
